README.md, before:

# Game Library

## Introduction

This application is for those who wish to catalogue their game collection and track which games they have played,
beaten, or completed. This application is for anyone who wants to track their collection of video games, from casual
players to hardcore collectors.

## Why this?

I chose this project because it takes the base idea of a to-do list and makes it better suited for a collection of 
games. I also think that I would actually use this program in my own time, and enjoy programming practical applications 
that I would use in real life.

## Features

- the ability to add and remove games
- update game's status such as completion status or play time
- sort their list by completion status, system, playtime, or alphabetically
- search for a specific game in the library
- filter their library to display games meeting the filter criteria

## User Stories

- As a user, I want to add many games to my library
- As a user, I want to change the completion status of a game to completed
- As a user, I want to change the play time of a game
- As a user, I want to see if I have a game in my library
- As a user, I want to save my game library to a file 
- As a user, I want to load my game library from a file

## Phase 4: Task 2
- Type hierarchy: all the buttons in the buttons package within the ui package

Commit message:

Project Phase 4: Task 3. Removed some unused code. Added comments.

README.md, after:

# Game Library

## Introduction

This application is for those who wish to catalogue their game collection and track which games they have played,
beaten, or completed. This application is for anyone who wants to track their collection of video games, from casual
players to hardcore collectors.

## Why this?

I chose this project because it takes the base idea of a to-do list and makes it better suited for a collection of 
games. I also think that I would actually use this program in my own time, and enjoy programming practical applications 
that I would use in real life.

## Features

- the ability to add and remove games
- update game's status such as completion status or play time
- sort their list by completion status, system, playtime, or alphabetically
- search for a specific game in the library
- filter their library to display games meeting the filter criteria

## User Stories

- As a user, I want to add many games to my library
- As a user, I want to change the completion status of a game to completed
- As a user, I want to change the play time of a game
- As a user, I want to see if I have a game in my library
- As a user, I want to save my game library to a file 
- As a user, I want to load my game library from a file

## Phase 4: Task 2
Type hierarchy: all of the buttons in the buttons package within the ui package

## Phase 4: Task 3
- I would refactor the construction of the frames in GameLibraryApp
- Both the main window and the explore window use almost identical code when constructing them
